The qi pulse is broken
How could this be?
It is said that the qi and blood have healed
Give him Silicon Valley soup.
I said it was turtle knee soup, but you still don't believe it
Please help
Save us Mr. Mu, get out of the way
Heavenly Book Shenzhen
Are you the legendary one?
China's First Muse Doctor
What Muse Doctor?
A heavenly book is really superb
How many intractable diseases have been cured?
But he's obsessed with identity.
elusive
Often the dragon sees the head but not the tail
I saw his face today
I'm really lucky.
Do you know a lot?
I don't know Mount Tai
Please don't blame it.
If there is anything you want, just tell me.
I really want to ask you something
You talk too much.
Please go away
Okay, get out here
More things intersect everywhere
Mu family boy
Take a good look at who I am